After doing some research, I think there are some final approaches I can use to find my optimal solution. 
Case 1) Using Binary Search, I think this will work if we split our hidden number into two parts,
then consider and observe the left and right parts according to scores.
Also, I think that taking our initial guess, always with the digit 0, is the most optimal way of starting our guessing process, 
so that part, I think I will let stay the same, and always whatever approach I finalize, I will take as first guess the number with all 0s, 000...0.
I think Binary Search can work, as it is quite a widespread search algorithm that people use to solve many problems. 
So, maybe it will also work to find an optimal solution here :)

Before proceeding further, let's examine the trial using the binary search approach.
First, let's separate the steps we will do accordingly, then try it.

Step 1) Initial Guess:
        Start with an initial guess of all zeros: 0000...0 as I already said above.

Step 2) Divide and Conquer:
        Split the bit sequence in two, then flip the halves to switch guesses in response to feedback. 

Step 3) Regular Bit Flipping with Binary Search:
        Determine which side has more correct bits by using guesses' feedback.
        To correct guesses, flip a few bits inside the desired half.


So, let's try this approach and see what we will get...

Hidden Number: 1101

Step 1) Initial Guess: 0000
        Score is 1 (since only one bit matches in the 3rd position the hidden number)

Step 2) Divide and Flip the First Half:  (Original halves are "00" | "00" , Flipped halves: "11" | "11")
        Guess: "1111" (flipping all bits to 1)
        Score is  2 (two bits match the hidden number: the 1st and 4th bits)
        Explanation: Flip all bits to see if more bits match. Here, two bits match, indicating that more bits are correct when flipped.

Step 3) Determine Which Half is More Correct, we need to do some trials to find correctly:
        Next Guess: "1100" (flip the first two bits back to 1)
        Score: 3 (three bits match the hidden number: the 1st, 2nd, and 4th bits)
        Explanation: We consider in this case that the first half might have more correct bits,
        because flipping the first two bits gave a higher score.However,
        we could start our solution by flipping back not the first two, but las two, so to be mistaken in this case is also possible, 
        but I think we can always start from left half, see what is going on there, then proceed the right one.
        Now we narrow down the correct bits and start working on the second half.

Step 4) Identify the Last Correct Bit:
         Guess: "1110"
         Score is 2 (only two bits match)
         Explanation: So, this indicates the 3rd bit was incorrect, so flip it back.

Step 5) "1100" (reverting back to the guess with the highest score so far)
        Score is 3 (three bits match the hidden number: the 1st, 2nd, and 4th bits)
        Explanation: So far, this is the guess with highest score

Step 5) Identify the Last Correct Bit:

       Next Guess: "1101" (flip the third bit to 1)
       Score is 4 (all bits match the hidden number, so we found the hidden number)
       Explanation: Since the score of "1100" was 3, the 1st, 2nd, and 4th bits are correct. By flipping the third bit to 1, we correctly identify the hidden number.
-----------------------
Estimating the Complexity
The initial guess involves creating a binary string of length n, which is O(n).

Flipping a bit and calculating the score for each bit position involves comparing two binary strings of length n, which O(n) per bit.
Since there are n bits, the overall complexity for a single iteration is O(n^2).
And, for the binary search we know it's time complexity is O(logn), so here the division of the sequence 
and subsequent focusing on halves reduces the number of guesses logarithmically.
For each division, we perform O(n) operations, and since we are dividing the sequence, the depth of divisions is O(logn).=>

=> Overall, the complexity for the binary search-like strategy can be approximated as:
O(n^2 log n)
--------------------------
3. Quantum Representation of the Game
To describe the binary Mastermind game using a system of qubits, we can map each bit of the binary string to a qubit.

So, I will maybe use Java or Python to write the coding part for this principle, as I am more flexible doing coding with it.

